# Meeting Agenda

Group: PaintIT (group 11)
Date: 110921
Chair: Henrik
Secretary: Robert
Participants: Ellen, Henrik, Markus, Aron, Robert


## Objectives (5 min) 

* We need to manage all the connections to everyones code, via creating a topcontroller or something of the like. Because we can’t test everything in our develop-branch.


## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

* Markus has created an UI document and worked on Team.
* The group will now start with topcontroller
* Aron has worked with gamelogic.
* Robert has reduced code duplication. 
* Henrik and Ellen has added backend for mainmenu, needs to have a topcontroller.


## Discussion items (35 min)

* Every groupmember reveals what they have been working on so that everyone grasps what is happening. This is because we collectively will create a topcontroller to satisfy everyones needs.
* What about sprints? Members has noted that sometimes they don’t know what to do, to resolve this issue we need to use the userstories, divided into tasks, so that you can grab a task whenever you are done with your last. Discussing Trello-Sprint. 


## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)

1. We will implement a topcontroller.
2. We will update the sprint backlog.
3. We will push the RAD to github.
4. We will checkout -- SDD.


## Wrap up

* The next meeting is held tuesday 2/10 at 9.00-12.00.