# Meeting Agenda

Group: PaintIT (group 11)
Date: 110921
Chair: Robert
Secretary: Markus
Participants: Ellen, Henrik, Markus, Aron, Robert


## Objectives (5 min) 

* Aron has to do the maven tutorial one more time
* The group needs to implement higher level concepts like TopController to be able to work independently again.
* The team should plan the current sprint and setup a proper sprint backlog as soon as possible.


## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

- Aron managed to upload this weeks meeting protocols to GitHub repository.
- The team has failed to transfer tasks from product backlog to sprint backlog since previous meeting
- Not all members have yet read Google JavaDoc style guide
- Aron has worked on the wordview, but he needs to know implementation details from other group members in order to proceed.
- Markus and Robert has worked and improved upon the paintingview. User can now change tools, color and see the canvas in a GUI.
- Ellen and Henrik has struggled with connecting controller with view, needs to discuss common solution with the rest of the group.


## Discussion items (35 min)

* Some members have had problems with Maven not being able to compile the project, possibly due to JavaFX missing from the standard library after release of Java 8. Look into solutions and make sure it works.
* Why has the group failed to transfer tasks from product backlog to sprint backlog? Has felt the need to work on other things such as coding, UML design etc.. 
* Some of the specification regarding the UI (size of elements, fonts, colors ...) has not been specified anywhere, should setup document for specs which would be updated as needed.


## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)

* Markus will create UI specification document which will be shared with the rest of the group via Google Drive.
* The group should collectively implement a TopController.
* Aron works with the wordview.
* Markus are working on teams, players and game logic.
* Robert are abstracting some implementations.
* Ellen and Henrik are adding backend for the main menu and adding more views.


## Wrap up

* The next meeting is held tuesday 25/9 at 9.00-12.00.